Documentation for `wait_for_input` (#11404)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/flows.md

    If you encounter any issues, please let us know in Slack or with a Github issue.

When pausing or suspending a flow run you may want to wait for input from a user. Prefect provides a way to do this by leveraging the `pause_flow_run` and `suspend_flow_run` functions. These functions accept a `wait_for_input` argument, the value of which should be a subclass of `prefect.input.RunInput`, a pydantic model. When resuming the flow run, users are required to provide data for this model. Upon successful validation, the flow run resumes, and the return value of the `pause_flow_run` or `suspend_flow_run` is an instance of the model containing the provided data.

Here is an example of a flow that pauses and waits for input from a user:

```python
from prefect import flow, get_run_logger, pause_flow_run
from prefect.input import RunInput

class UserNameInput(RunInput):
    name: str

@flow
async def greet_user():
    logger = get_run_logger()

    user_input = await pause_flow_run(
        wait_for_input=UserNameInput
    )

    logger.info(f"Hello, {user_input.name}!")
```

> Calling this flow will create a flow run and move it into a paused state. The flow will then block and wait for resumption. When resuming the flow run, users will be prompted to provide a value for the `name` field of the `UserNameInput` model. Upon successful validation, the flow run will resume, and the return value of the `pause_flow_run` will be an instance of the `UserNameInput` model containing the provided data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running this flow will create a flow run. The flow run will advance until code execution reaches `pause_flow_run`, at which point it will  move it into a `Paused` state. Execution will block and wait for resumption. 

When resuming the flow run, users will be prompted to provide a value for the `name` field of the `UserNameInput` model. Upon successful validation, the flow run will resume, and the return value of the `pause_flow_run` will be an instance of the `UserNameInput` model containing the provided data. 
```

resume_flow_run(FLOW_RUN_ID)
```

## Waiting for input when pausing or suspending a flow run

!!! tip "Experimental"
    The `wait_for_input` parameter used in the `pause_flow_run` or `suspend_flow_run` methods is an experimental feature. The interface or behavior of this feature may change without warning in future releases. 

    If you encounter any issues, please let us know in Slack or with a Github issue.

> When pausing or suspending a flow run you may want to wait for input from a user. Prefect provides a way to do this by leveraging the `pause_flow_run` and `suspend_flow_run` methods. These methods accept a `wait_for_input` argument, the value of which should be a subclass of `prefect.input.RunInput`, a pydantic model. When resuming the flow run, users are required to provide data for this model. Upon successful validation, the flow run resumes, and the return value of the `pause_flow_run` or `suspend_flow_run` is an instance of the model containing the provided data.

Reviewer 2: Technically, are they functions?

Author: Yep, they are.

Here is an example of a flow that pauses and waits for input from a user:

```python
from prefect import flow, get_run_logger, pause_flow_run
from prefect.input import RunInput

class UserNameInput(RunInput):
    name: str

@flow
async def greet_user():
    logger = get_run_logger()

    user_input = await pause_flow_run(
        wait_for_input=UserNameInput
    )

    logger.info(f"Hello, {user_input.name}!")
```

> Calling this flow will block code execution and wait for resumption. When resuming the flow run, users will be prompted to provide a value for the `name` field of the `UserNameInput` model. Upon successful validation, the flow run will resume, and the return value of the `pause_flow_run` will be an instance of the `UserNameInput` model containing the provided data. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should be explicit and say something like, "Calling this flow will create a flow run and move it into a paused state. The flow will then block and wait for resumption." etc.
